Joshua Lieberman: hi i'm josh Lieberman, and I want to talk to you today about socializing urban digital twins critical concepts drawn from the OTC location powers urban digital twin summit.
Joshua Lieberman: Now that digital twin concept has its origins in mechanical engineering and finite element modeling so looking at the concept of verisimilitude.
Joshua Lieberman: So, having a digital model which looks the same and also behaves the same as some physical has assets such as a wind turbine or a jet engine and as a combination of the static structures, the framework and the.
Joshua Lieberman: pieces of the physical object, but also the dynamic properties, such as speed or density or fuel utilization so it's has that.
Joshua Lieberman: visual aspect, and also the dynamic aspect and digital twin like this can be used for visualization but also for interaction.
Joshua Lieberman: For seeing if one changes aspects of the model how the dynamic properties, then change that can be used to simulate and to predict future behavior or state.
Joshua Lieberman: So in that has been taken to urban scales, however, that ideal becomes more complex limits of scale complexity of detail and the difficulty of sensing make that realization of the urban digital twin.
Joshua Lieberman: A greater challenge.
Joshua Lieberman: So the goal of urban digital twins at urban scale is to transform how cities are planned built and managed to deliver better services.
Joshua Lieberman: Have a more livable inclusive safe resilient and sustainable environment so basically this digital tool to purdue prove the physical life of the city.
Joshua Lieberman: And the mechanism at urban scale is to respond to interact with this digital model and which provides that insight into the physical environment itself.
Joshua Lieberman: It has to be based on a geo spatial and temporal information framework that city models data science sensor way of iot.
Joshua Lieberman: volunteer geographic information so that's the the framework, the skulls and which is twins can be built and then multiple model paradigms provide that dynamic aspect to the behaves like.
Joshua Lieberman: Whether those are visual functional artificial intelligence or agent based models they're all wrong they're all too simple and to.
Joshua Lieberman: You know, inadequate to completely encompass the reality, but they can be useful if they're focused on the right things.
Joshua Lieberman: So one way to do this is through thematic specialization create a water twin or mobility twin or an energy twin this is practical and sustainable.
Joshua Lieberman: If those thematic twins are based on a common 3D physical fabric that enables coordination between these twins in eventual harmonization in a system of systems approach.
Joshua Lieberman: The digital twin can also serve as convergence between multiple perspectives, so the spatial data perspective urban model perspective.
Joshua Lieberman: The use of those for smart city services so data rich benefits to the citizens and combined with the ubiquitous sensing of the Internet of Things, and sensor web enablement so the concept provides that power of being able to combine these kind of disparate perspectives into one.
Joshua Lieberman: But the most important thing to look at is is the twin what we really need or is it a triplet so.
Joshua Lieberman: city is really built up both the physical and the social dimension, so having a digital dimension of digital representation of the physical city.
Joshua Lieberman: doesn't do it justice doesn't really represent how a city works, so we already have elements of that digital dimension in social media and platforms, but combining all three of those together is really the essential step to a powerful and effective urban digital twin Thank you.